We have modifiers in, our @ or v-on, so
we have @mousemove.stop is
comparable to e.stopPropagation.
If you've been coding for a while,
you're probably very used to writing
stopPropagation over and over again, it's
really nice to have a modifier for it.
@mousemove.prevent is like
e.preventDefault, the same thing.
@submit.prevent is really helpful, because
you probably use it a lot in forms,
it will no longer reload the page
on submission, so I use this a lot.
@click.once is not to be confused
with the v-once that we just saw.
@click.once means the click event will
only be triggered once, it doesn't mean
it's only rendered once to the page, so
anytime you want something to be clicked,
and then you don't want them to be able
to keep on clicking or they can but
it just doesn't keep submitting,
then the click.once is really helpful.
@click.native is so that you can
listen to native events in the DOM.
So like I mentioned before,
abstractions are really wonderful, but
if you can't dive beneath them,
then you get into trouble sometimes.
What's really nice about view, is that it
lets you dive beneath the abstraction if
you need to, so
rather than using the virtual DOM and
DOM diffing, @click.native allows you
to have access to those native events.
You can also use keycodes as a view three,
you can no longer use numbers for
the key codes.
We used to be able to use numbers for
the keycodes, and
the reason why we're changing
that is the HTML spec change.
The HTML spec is deprecating the use
of numbered keycodes, and so
we're moving just along with that HTML
spec and we're using two names instead,
and if you need more information,
I've linked it up here.